1.5.0 release (#482)
Shopify/job-iteration: CHANGELOG.md

### Main (unreleased)
Nil

## v1.5.0 (May 29, 2024)
### Changes

- [437](https://github.com/Shopify/job-iteration/pull/437) - Use minimum between per-class `job_iteration_max_job_runtime` and `JobIteration.max_job_runtime`, instead of enforcing only setting decreasing values.
  Because it is possible to change the global or parent values after setting the value on a class, it is not possible to truly enforce the decreasing value constraint. Instead, we now use the minimum between the global value and per-class value. This is considered a non-breaking change, as it should not break any **existing** code, it only removes the constraint on new classes.
- [443](https://github.com/Shopify/job-iteration/pull/443) - Use Sidekiq `:quit` callback to detect graceful shutdown. This makes job-iteration compatible with Sidekiq run in embedded mode.

> - [445](https://github.com/Shopify/job-iteration/pull/445) - Appends an iterate callback to job iterations. This adds extensibility to build some generic handlers, such as metrics collection and logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [445](https://github.com/Shopify/job-iteration/pull/445) - Add the `around_iterate` callback, which runs around each call of `each_iteration`. This adds extensibility to build some generic handlers, such as metrics collection and logging.
```
